Organize and ship package-owned docs (#1772)
cloudflare/agents: docs/index.md

# Cloudflare Agents SDK Documentation

Documentation is grouped by the package that owns it:

- [`agents`](./agents/index.md) — Durable Object agents, state, routing, scheduling, sessions, MCP, and shared primitives

> - [`@cloudflare/think`](./think/index.md) — opinionated reasoning agents built on Agents, Codemode, and Shell

Author: ```suggestion
- [`@cloudflare/think`](./think/index.md) — opinionated agent harness built on Agents, Codemode, and Shell
```
